Update HCP Terraform Secrets Engine docs to clarify API token types, scope limitations, and usage examples (#1268)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v1.21.x/content/docs/secrets/terraform.mdx

    Vault issues dynamic Team API tokens by mapping a role to an existing HCP Terraform 
    team. Vault manages these tokens’ lifecycle and automatically expires them according 
    to the role’s `ttl` and `max_ttl`.

    You will need to know the Team ID in order to generate Team API tokens for that team. You 
    can use the HCP Terraform Teams API to find the desired Team ID. To find the Team ID, use the 
    [HCP Terraform Teams API](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs/teams) 
    or navigate to the Teams section in the HCP Terraform UI. Similarly, to find a User ID, use the 
    [Account Details API](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs/account#show-the-current-user) 
    or check your user profile in the UI.

    ```shell-session
    $ vault write terraform/role/my-team-role \
        team_id=team-12345abcde \
        credential_type=team \
        description="CI/CD automation token" \
        ttl=300 \
        max_ttl=1800
    Success! Data written to: terraform/role/my-team-role
    ```

## Usage

After the secrets engine is configured, a Vault token with the proper permissions can generate 
short-lived Team API tokens.

> Generate a new token by reading from the `/creds` endpoint with the role name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generate a new token by calling the `/creds` endpoint with the role name:
```

Author: Fixed in next commit

and generation workflows. A given Vault role can manage any one of the 
supported types at a time, however there are important differences to be aware of.

~> **IMPORTANT:** When selecting an anchor credential for the Terraform Secrets 
Engine, choose a token whose scope matches your intended use case. For example, a 
user token can only manage that user’s own resources, while a team token can manage 
team-level resources or other teams’ tokens if the appropriate permissions are granted. 
Using a token that is too narrowly scoped may prevent Vault from issuing tokens for your 

> intended workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you select an anchor credential for the Terraform plugin, always choose a
token with a scope that matches your intended use case.

User tokens should only have permission to manage the resources owned by that
user. Team tokens should only have permission to manage team-level resources
owned by that team. Only create tokens with cross-team permissions when a more
narrowly-defined scope prevents Vault from issuing appropriate tokens or
interferes with your intended workflows.
```
Style correction: write in active voice, provide explicit guidance whenever possible, avoid unnecessary callouts (warnings, tips, etc.)

Generally, Vault aims to manage tokens in external APIs with revoke actions
taken according to `ttl` and `max_ttl` settings. In addition to that behavior,
using the `max_ttl` Vault will set an `ExpiredAt` date in HCP Terraform 

> which will ensure the token expires at the `max_ttl` time. This prevents 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which ensures that the token expires at the `max_ttl` time and prevents 
```
Style correction: write in active voice, avoid "this" as a pronoun

Team tokens living past their `max_ttl` if Vault is unable to revoke the token.
Omitting the `max_ttl` value will default to Vault's system `max_ttl`.

In HCP Terraform, team tokens cannot have matching descriptions. In order to avoid
collisions, the secret engine generates a random string as a suffix to the description. 
It is highly recommended you set an additional description.

> Below is an example of creating a Vault role to manage Team API tokens:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to set a description when you create a Vault role to manage Team API tokens, use the `description` parameter:
```

Author: Fixed in next commit
